c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Caricature.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\Caricature.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\GPUImageProcessingSDX_Debug_ARM.xap
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Game.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Graphics.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Input.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.WP8.winmd
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Game.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Graphics.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Input.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.WP8.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\Bin\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.WP8.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\Caricature.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\Caricature.g.resources
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\Caricature.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\Caricature.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\Caricature.dll
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\Caricature.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Caricature\Caricature\obj\ARM\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
